what's up guys Joe the techie here today
I have an unboxing for you of the brand
new new Trent wireless keyboard case for
the new ipad or ipad 3 now some of you
may have seen my review of the wireless
keyboard case for the ipad 2 but this is
the one for the new ipad it's got some
cool new features one you can see in the
back just there so we're not going to
waste any more time and dig into the
packaging so I'm going to take the top
off just like of that pop that lid off
to the side I've got some foam on the
top here so we have a some warranty
cards here and a user manual here we
have the keyboard itself we have a
little tube just here which has our USB
cable for charging the keyboard case pop
that add to the back just there and take
a look at at the keyboard case itself so
here we have the keyboard case itself
has got a really nice feel to it which
is pretty cool I'm not going to go into
too much detail as to what this case has
to offer at the moment because uh I am
going to keep that sort of for the
review just a quick sort of little demo
there you can see it's got a cool little
kickstand and all that kind of stuff
very quick unboxing for you I'm gonna be
bringing my review in the next couple of
weeks so look out for that so thank you
all for watching this very quick
unboxing I'll see you all in the next
video bye bye